# my_theme

background              = white     black
frame                   = white     black
window_title            = yellow    black   bold
directory               = white     black
selected_directory      = white     black   reverse
playlist                = white     black
selected_playlist       = white     black   reverse

file                    = white     black
selected_file           = white     black   reverse
marked_file             = green     black   bold
marked_selected_file    = white     black   bold,reverse

info                    = white     black
selected_info           = white     black   bold
marked_info             = white     black   bold
marked_selected_info    = green     black   bold

status                  = white     black   bold
title                   = green     black   bold
state                   = green     black   bold
current_time            = white     black   bold
time_left               = white     black   bold
total_time              = white     black   bold
time_total_frames       = white     black
sound_parameters        = white     black   bold
legend                  = white     black
disabled                = white     black
enabled                 = white     black   bold
empty_mixer_bar         = white     black
filled_mixer_bar        = white     black   reverse
empty_time_bar          = white     black
filled_time_bar         = white     black   reverse
entry                   = yellow    black
entry_title             = white     black   bold
error                   = red       black   bold
message                 = yellow    black   bold
plist_time              = white     black
